unnamed 14

"There are so many people who have it worse than you, how could you possibly be 
sad?"
because they still have hope. i get that im lucky, i get that i have everything that i need 
in life, and i get that that will probably always be true. what i don't get is why. all of those 
people, they all work hundreds of times harder than i do, and yet they all start at the 
bottom and end at the bottom. i don't get why, when i have all of these amazing material 
things, i can still be so fucking sad. because depression isn't what you think it is. It's not 
being sad because your grades are down, or because you don't have what you need in 
life, or because you just haven't had good luck lately, or because some people made 
fun of you, or because people think you cheat, or because people tend to leave you out 
of most things. It's not being anything at all. It's the idea of not being. It's this pure, 
horriÞc, absolute feeling of not wanting to be, of wondering how peaceful and silent it 
would be to not be. Nobody really realizes that it takes so fucking much for a person to 
come to the point that they want to hurt themselves or die. Nobody gets that it's a 
buildup of feeling worthless, or feeling empty, feeling so empty that you have to hurt 
yourself because if you don't, it doesn't feel like it's real. I can't believe in god right now, 
because if there even is a god, I don't wanna believe that someone so all-powerful 
could give me a life like this. I don't wanna know why, because I know the answer will 
be that I simply wasn't worth it. And if I'm not worth it, then why do I have all this? All 
these things that could make so many other people, so much smarter than me, so much 
happier. I've lost hope. I don't see a reason to keep any hope, because hope is what 
kills you. Hoping for something that might happen will destroy me. im already a broken 
person, but to keep faith in something that doesn't exist? Hoping for something to 
happen that I know is metaphysically impossible? That is what will kill me, and that is 
why I have lost faith in god, and in hope.